Include genealogos frontend in the api (#50)
tweag/genealogos: README.md

The Web UI currently only supports analyzing from a flake ref and attribute path, analyzing from a trace file is not yet supported.

> The frontend can be opened by opening the `index.html`file in your favourite webbrowser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frontend can be opened by opening the `index.html`file in your favourite web browser.
```
